oh yeah get ready to laugh and learn
English with Priyanka Chopra Jonas on
The Ellen Show so every single week we
help learners like you to understand
fast speaking natives without getting
lost without missing the jokes and
without subtitles if you want to be able
to do that too
then I highly recommend you hit that
subscribe button and the bell down below
so you don't miss a single one of our
new lessons this is how the lesson will
work we have broken down the interview
into small parts you will watch each
part then learn all of the most
important vocabulary pronunciation and
cultural context before watching the
next part we will include fun examples
from various TV series to help you
understand how to use it in real life
finally you will find the full
interviews in the description so after
you finish this lesson be sure to test
your learning by watching those first of
all on the red carpet you stopped with
Andy Zenor and you did the the Plinko
drinko game you know I was trying really
hard to get into that dress so I hadn't
eaten all day which little curls should
not do ok please eat but I just didn't
that day yeah I had that tequila shot
yep a carpet is a soft type of flooring
popular in homes in the United States
instead of tile in Western culture the
red carpet is a long red carpet that is
put down for an important guest to walk
on when he or she visits somewhere and
receives a special official welcome in
the case of social events with
celebrities red carpet refers to the
moment and place where the celebrities
arrive which normally includes an actual
red carpet drink Oh Plinko is a casual
simple game that consists in having
somebody put a small object such as a
coin in a box with little pins with the
intention of seeing that object fall
directly into one of the cups at random
that will be laid out in the box the
player will then have to drink what's in
the cup although a normal version of
Plinko exists drink o Plinko is a
drinking game which is basically a fun
way of enjoying your time
drinking alcohol you know I was trying
really hard to get into that dress so I
hadn't eaten all day to get into a piece
of clothing means to be able to wear it
comfortably because it is your size or
larger and not too small
Priyanka is saying that on the day of
the event the Emmys she decided not to
eat in order to make sure she would fit
well inside of her dress example I'll
never be able to get my feet into these
boots they're too tight
everybody get your things we have to
leave parties right now Wow 45 minutes
to get into this outfit so I hadn't
eaten all day which little curls should
not do ok please eat but I just didn't
that day yeah I had that tequila shot
yep when it comes to drinking a shot is
a small serving of strong alcoholic
drinks typically consumed quickly always
in a single gulp I'm not really a shot
drinking kind of guy but a man can
change
um excuse me miss um when you get a
chance could you bring over a hundred
shots of tequila please I'll have to say
we also called these strong alcoholic
drinks such as rum vodka or tequila
spirits I had that tequila shot yep and
I was really wonky after that just from
one shot because it wasn't an empty
tummy yeah that's not good all good
I know eaten today I did just now okay
you want to play wonky is generally a
way to describe something or somebody
that is showing to be off-balance you
might also commonly hear words like
clumsy or out of sorts example I felt
out of sorts after riding the boat here
Priyanka is saying that she felt wonky
because of the effect of the alcohol
wonky does not mean drunk but rather it
describes her clumsiness as a result of
drinking yeah that's not good
tummy is a very informal word for
stomach normally used by or with
children so an empty tummy is an empty
stomach which is something that if you
happen to have you'll feel much more
affected by alcohol or any drugs it's
rather funny that Priyanka used tummy
and not stomach perhaps because she is
conscious about being on television just
now when you say that something happened
just now you mean that it happened
briefly before the current moment so for
example if somebody sends you a text
message and you want to refer to the
moment that it happened and it hasn't
even been one entire minute since you
received it you may say that you
received it just now so Priyanka sure
has terrific English right wouldn't you
love to have better fluency and know
more about American culture just like
she does well a great place to start is
our premium course fluent with friends
which will help you to learn tons of
real-life vocabulary native
pronunciation and American culture so
that you can understand natives and
speak confidently you can get a free
tried now with our mini course just
click up here or down in the description
below today I did just now ok do you
want to play
yeah once no it depends if it drops in
water it's it's it's advancing in water
my luck I will never get water I got
tequila see what you think do you get
doo doo doo - no I'm secure in the case
of being used in a question for real
expresses surprise or questions the
truth or seriousness of what one has
seen or heard example are these guys for
real I'm gonna ask Monica to marry me is
this for real yeah check out the ring oh
my god so you two are really serious who
really having a baby
but for real for you water my luck I
will never get water I get to keep it
when someone says with my luck it is
usually to express that they are not a
lucky person example with my luck
gambling is a really bad idea
thank you for that this will be a really
smooth and yeah it's good
this will be our tradition now whenever
you're talking to me or anybody - that's
connected to the Ellen show you do a
shot of tequila if something is smooth
or goes smoothly it means that it
happens without difficulty or problems
we can also use the expression smooth
sailing example once I finish my history
exam the rest of the semester should be
smooth sailing this is funny because
Priyanka is saying this sarcastically
the tequila may cause the interview to
not go very smoothly
[Music]
[Applause]
bottoms up is a cheerful phrase or toast
said before taking a drink to say it
simply means that you are encouraging
the other person to finish their drink
by getting the bottom of their glass or
cup up in the air
thank you for that this will be really a
smoothened yeah it's good this will be
our tradition now whenever you're
talking to me or anybody - that's
connected to the Ellen show you do a
shot of tequila here Ellen is actually
joking with Priyanka saying that you
will always have her play the Plinko
drinker game when they see each other
something that always happens at a given
circumstance can be considered a
tradition I got a question I don't see
any tater tots that's not a question
my mom always makes them it's like a
tradition you get a little piece of
Turkey on your floor a little cranberry
sauce at the top it's good this will be
our tradition now whenever you're
talking to me or anybody - that's
connected to the Ellen show you do a
shot of tequila tequila
you do a shot of tequila I really
started believing it was a very American
thing yeah I was at the Emmys and it
happened again yes I was giving tequila
and I was like yep American red cops
have to start with tequila yeah America
Americans drink a lot yeah so do Indians
Indians a very something thing is a
characteristic that is typical or
traditional a couple of examples should
make this clear
serving olives with beer is a very
Spanish thing in Spain serving olives
with peers traditional eating peanuts is
a very baseball game sort of thing it is
typical at baseball games to eat peanuts
Priyanka is saying that she was offered
to Kela at the first and second red
carpet events that she has been to in
the United States so because of that she
jokes that she really thought Americans
always drink tequila at the red carpet
the Emmys is an American yearly event
that celebrates and awards TV shows and
individuals that work in TV Americans
drink a lot this is an example of a
common structure in English used for
stating the two things or people have no
difference between them I mean I like
pizza
I like pizza
wait I like the Beatles oh my god
[Music]
Americans drink a lot yeah oh so do
Indians Indians drink and what's the
drink of choice in India well mine's red
wine yes nothing wrong with red wine
that's elegant and ragged and
appropriate to say on the show yes yeah
but because it airs in India twice a day
yes to be a little my show yes I know my
show airs twice a day they are they
heavy thank you very much I love Zealand
yeah here Ellen is asking what is the
most popular or preferred drink in India
the item of choice is the one that most
people prefer or that a certain person
always requests example her drink of
choice is a dirty martini stirred not
shaken and what's the drink of choice in
India mine's red wine yes in a lot of
countries and cultures wine is known to
be a more elegant option of drink when
compared with spirits or beer while some
types of drinks may be associated with
heavy drinking and drunkenness wine is
more appreciated for its taste and
quality so here Ellen is saying that
there's nothing to be ashamed of having
wine as a favorite drink there's nothing
wrong with it although there's also some
humor here because Priyanka is
intentionally saying it to give the best
image of herself and she says is more
appropriate to stay on the show than
other drinks like tequila and you are a
ginormous there's water there - okay
that's all right but you are a gigantic
star and you have been for a long time
there and that loan to wash something
down is to facilitate the passage of
food down the throat by drinking water
or another liquid in this case is not
about washing down solid food
cleaning the mouth from the taste of a
previous liquid what's funny about this
is that Ellen is jokingly telling
Priyanka to have another tequila shot to
wash down the taste of the tequila shot
she just had example do you want some
milk to wash down those cookies and you
are a ginormous there's water there too
that's all right but you are a gigantic
star and you have been for a long time
ginormous and gigantic have basically
the same meaning describing something or
somebody that is extremely large now in
the sense of popularity or relevance
when we say that someone or something is
big huge or as in this case ginormous or
gigantic we're referring to how popular
or important they are so as you know
interviews like this one are a fantastic
way to learn English and we have a whole
playlist full of English lessons
teaching you with interviews just like
this one you can find that by clicking
up here or down in the description below
but you are a gigantic star and you have
been for a long time there and that long
well since you were I don't know it
since you were young right seventeen you
were in high school and you were Miss
India how does that happen I know it
happens really bizarrely when you have a
mother who thinks that you're really
pretty my mom not that she's a pageant
mom or anything she's a she's a double
PhD she's a doctor Miss India is a
national beauty pageant in India that
annually selects a woman to become Miss
India and represent the country in the
Miss World pageant a beauty pageant is a
contest focused on judging and ranking
the physical attributes of the
contestants most countries hold their
own national beauty pageant for women
such as Miss America Miss Japan miss
Brazil etc Priyanka became famous when
she won Miss India when she was only
seventeen in the year 2000 you were in
high school and you were Miss India how
does that happen I know it happens
really bizarre as you probably noticed
they're now talking in the present tense
which might not make a lot of sense to
you however this is actually an
interesting and very subtle and formal
use of the present tense by asking how
does that happen instead of how did it
happen
Ellen adds a tone of disbelief or
astonishment to the question
as if she was also very curious about
the process or the reasons why such a
seemingly impossible achievement
actually turned out to become reality
how does that happen I know it happens
really bizarrely when you have a mother
who thinks that you're really pretty my
mom not that she's a pageant mom or
anything you know she's a she's a double
PhD she's a doctor I'm a pageant mom is
how we would informally call mother who
pushes her young daughters too
frequently participate in pageants
follow career as a model etc Priyanka is
saying that even though she participated
in one Miss India as a teenager her
mother was not the kind of parent that
would force her daughters to be in
pageants she is a double PhD which means
she has two PhDs as Priyanka says
America which was high school here I
went as a 12 year old and we took
pictures which were like these mall
shots you know my face and she sent them
without telling me and they picked me
well I'm here more shots refers to
photographs taken in a photo booth such
as this one at a shopping mall and we
took Priyanka is describing the style of
photos what they looked like
fuzzy soft focus refers to the focus
settings of the camera that was used and
in these photos she put her hand on her
face to look more artistic for the
purposes of the pictures and she sent
them without telling me and they picked
me
well I'm here wait and then you won and
then I won and then I won in this world
and then I did movies and God and how
old were these yes and somewhere I
should be a little lower than in this
world here Helen is making fun of the
order in which Priyanka listed some of
the greatest achievements in her career
even though she's talking about them in
the order of which they happened over
time it also sounds like she's putting
them in order of importance so first she
said she won Miss India then she
mentioned winning Miss World
then she started doing movies and
finally she appeared on The Ellen Show
then Ellen jokes that she thinks
appearing on her show should be lower or
less important than winning Miss World
and should have probably be mentioned
before Miss World
then how old were you when you got in
this world 18 it was about seven months
after so you went right from this India
to Miss World
hmm you skipped over all those countries
in one world and one one here yeah
that's what happens right because I'm
Miss America you represent so then
you're in college when you're Miss World
which was a bit awkward lately wearing
the sash to class and every man's
fashion crown at last though I should
have right Ellen is surprised that
Priyanka was able to go from winning
Miss India to competing in Miss World
without having twin any other
competitions before so then you're in
college when you're Miss World which was
a bit awkward if something is awkward is
considered difficult to deal with
because of how much uncomfortableness or
embarrassment it causes example there is
an awkward silence while we all I tried
to think of sign to say actually I
invited Mike over Phoebe's might know I
don't know that you guys hung out so we
don't but I thought it'd be nice to get
to know them you know maybe have a
little dinner drinks conversation was
that you're gonna be awkward I mean what
do you guys gonna talk about oh no but
you know we we have a lot in common you
know he plays piano I played keyboards
in college so um baby tells me you you
played piano yeah you know I used to
play keyboards in college nah do you
have one here no okay
priyanka is saying that she experienced
some awkward moments in college since
she was such a big celebrity and yet she
would go to class as any other student
so then you're in college when you're
Miss World which was a bit awkward like
me wearing the sash to class and
everyman fashion drama class though I
should have right these are both objects
that a pageant winner would wear a crown
is what a king or queen wears to show
their authority and high position
a sash is a long strip of fabric worn
over the shoulder which is used as a
part of a costume or for an official
dress because that's how I look at me
and I went into college and I really I
wanted to be an engineer okay
aeronautical engineer I wanted to make
planes yeah me too and I went to school
and people it was just awkward yeah bet
no bet
miss was sitting next to you and right
teachers wouldn't say anything to me and
I bet is a slang expression used for
replying to a statement to show that you
agree with it or that you expect it to
be true
you know I bet you and I have more in
common than we think such as I don't
know tell me some things you like
literally Tibet is to risk money or an
object on the result of an event or
competition such as a horse race or
poker in the hope of winning more money
I really wanted to be an engineer
Priyanka says that when she was young
her dream was to become an aeronautical
engineer that is the professional who
designs builds and maintains airplanes
Ellen then quickly responds yeah me too
Ellen is most certainly joking she's
showing her surprise in a humorous way
that a talented model and actress like
Priyanka would ever have wanted to study
something as complex as engineering
teachers wouldn't say anything to me and
that wave yeah my classmate that's how
you walked into class it has to be that
no it does not have to do that that
looks like that looks like you're
unscrewing a light bulb that is not I've
never I've never been in a pageant but
that is not how you do it it's the move
of the wrist that's what they taught me
in England really know the rest they're
wrong okay the verb to wave means to
raise your hand and move it from side to
side as a way of greeting someone or
calling for their attention pageant
contestants have to learn to wave in an
elegant way similar to royalty like we
see here no it does not have to be that
that looks like that looks like you're
unscrewing a light bulb to unscrew
something is to open or remove something
by twisting it like unscrewing a lid
she's actually making fun of Priyanka's
way of waving at people think that it
looks like she's unscrewing a light bulb
okay the wrist is the part of the body
between the hand and the arm where you'd
normally wear a watch priyanka is saying
that the way she waves is more about
focusing on a particular movement of the
wrist stiff is an adjective for defining
something that is not easily bent or
changed in shape hard for example this
man applied a spray to make his hair
stiff for his costume in this sense
loose would be the opposite not hard not
firm they are talking about different
ways to wave at somebody either by
keeping the wrist stiff or loose I think
you have to keep it stiff and do that
right
I think you have to keep it's tipped in
and do that right told me to keep it
loose enough no they don't know it's a
miracle you made it this far to make it
this far means to have progress until
this point Ellen is saying that it's a
miracle or that it's incredible that she
was able to win Miss World and become
such a big star for being so unskilled
at doing something so simple as waving
in an elegant way Helen is obviously
joking here she knows Priyanka was
actually coached by experts and that she
knows it better than her her a great job
today I hope you learned a ton be sure
to test everything that you learned by
watching the original interview which
you can find down in the description
below also support our channel by
hitting the like button and I recommend
that you subscribe to so you don't miss
a single one of our new lessons take
your English to the next level with that
mini course I told you about also check
out all of our lessons with Ellen and
this other lesson that I think you will
really enjoy and how it's time to go
beyond the classroom and live your
English high yeah